chore: clarify python version policy (#365)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-python-connector: README.md

**Unsupported** - Any major version that has been deprecated for >=1 year is
considered publicly unsupported.

## Supported Python Versions

> We test an support at a minimum, every [active version until it's
> end-of-life date][pyver]. Changes in supported Python versions will be
> considered a minor change, and will be listed in the relase notes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We test and support at a minimum, every [active version until it's
end-of-life date][pyver]. Changes in supported Python versions will be
considered a minor change, and will be listed in the release notes. 
```
